c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\Obras.dll.config
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\Obras.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\Obras.pdb
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\MySql.Data.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\Kendo.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\cs-CZ\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\it-IT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\tr-TR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\obj\Debug\Obras.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\obj\Debug\Obras.dll
c:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\obj\Debug\Obras.pdb
C:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\obj\Debug\Obras.Migrations.db_ve1.resources
C:\Users\beatr\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Obras\Obras\obj\Debug\Obras.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
